portfolio.md, before:

---
layout: page
title: Portfolio 
permalink: /portfolio/
---
##Selected Performances

####MIDNIGHT

**As Pulse Voyager, 2015**

<iframe width="560" height="315" src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/sk5HrrXeQGc" frameborder="0" allowfullscreen></iframe>
<iframe width="560" height="315" src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/zbIkwylBgvk" frameborder="0" allowfullscreen></iframe>

the sacred & the profane &#124; precision & chaos &#124; endless love & infinite wrath

A synthesthetic exploration of modernity, MIDNIGHT is a journey through abstract landscapes in search of reality. Along the way, it traces patterns of human belief and the imminent threat of humanity against itself.

MIDNIGHT is an intricately crafted audiovisual work powered by a multinode performance system built for this event in TouchDesigner. This system enables mesmerizing lighting and visuals rendered in real time in sync with a precisely sculpted mix of electronic music that juxtaposes the timeless and contemporary. Features a pixel mapped LED ceiling and  projected visuals, within an immersive room filled with LED lighting.

####I Like Drums. And Bass.

**As DJ Autom8, 2013**
<iframe src="https://player.vimeo.com/video/63191854" width="500" height="281" frameborder="0" webkitallowfullscreen mozallowfullscreen allowfullscreen></iframe>

Eleven minute drum and bass mix used as a technical demo for max4live lighting and visual patches developed as a recipient of the University of Virginia Arts Award. Features a custom built LED helmet, LED wall, and other LED lighting fixtures. Featured on www.createdigitalmotion.com.

####Morals

**As Glowing Room Initiative with George Gleixner, 2013**
<iframe width="420" height="315" src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/D6vtasIuPdM" frameborder="0" allowfullscreen></iframe>

One of several performances with George Gleixner as a part of the Glowing Room Initiative, developed as a result of the ACCIAC Fellows in Creativity and Innovation Award granted by the Unergraduate Center of Excellence at the University of Virginia.

"Morals" composed by George Gleixner, Lighting & Visuals by Jonathan Thompson, Video editing by George Gleixner

##Android Applications

####Sustainable Fitness Monitoring App
<iframe width="560" height="315" src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/3OkBBg1nGoE" frameborder="0" allowfullscreen></iframe>
The Sustainable Fitness project at UVA was awarded funds to create an excercise bicycle that tracked electricity generated and rerouted that power back into the gym's power grid. My teammates built the bike while I created a monitoring app for an attached tablet, wrote the Arduino code for the hall effect sensor, and deployed an online database for application statistics. 

####Data Bounce 
<iframe width="420" height="315" src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/76TDU2kLLzU" frameborder="0" allowfullscreen></iframe>
Data Bounce is a data tunneling app that allows you to share a friend's internet connection over wifi direct when yours is down. Developed in 36 hours for MHacks 2013.

####Duncanville ISD
[Duncanville ISD on Google Play](https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=org.duncanvilleisd.dville2go)

As an intern at [WillowTree Apps](http://willowtreeapps.com/), I was the lead developer for the Android rich native wrapper created to allow students and parents of the Duncanville school system access to their school information.

Commit message:

Updated portfolio to add sakwala chakraya

portfolio.md, after:

---
layout: page
title: Portfolio 
permalink: /portfolio/
---
##Featured Works

####MIDNIGHT

**As Pulse Voyager, 2015**

<iframe width="560" height="315" src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/sk5HrrXeQGc" frameborder="0" allowfullscreen></iframe>
<iframe width="560" height="315" src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/zbIkwylBgvk" frameborder="0" allowfullscreen></iframe>

the sacred & the profane &#124; precision & chaos &#124; endless love & infinite wrath

A synthesthetic exploration of modernity, MIDNIGHT is a journey through abstract landscapes in search of reality. Along the way, it traces patterns of human belief and the imminent threat of humanity against itself.

MIDNIGHT is an intricately crafted audiovisual work powered by a multinode performance system built for this event in TouchDesigner. This system enables mesmerizing lighting and visuals rendered in real time in sync with a precisely sculpted mix of electronic music that juxtaposes the timeless and contemporary. Features a pixel mapped LED ceiling and  projected visuals, within an immersive room filled with LED lighting.

####I Like Drums. And Bass.

**As DJ Autom8, 2013**
<iframe src="https://player.vimeo.com/video/63191854" width="500" height="281" frameborder="0" webkitallowfullscreen mozallowfullscreen allowfullscreen></iframe>

Eleven minute drum and bass mix used as a technical demo for max4live lighting and visual patches developed as a recipient of the University of Virginia Arts Award. Features a custom built LED helmet, LED wall, and other LED lighting fixtures. Featured on www.createdigitalmotion.com.

##Additional Peformances

####Sakwala Chakraya Visuals

**As Pulse Voyager, 2016**

<iframe width="560" height="315" src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/videoseries?list=PLNuKKqMcXWdlgG-YNzZDZTacvSpKwJmf9" frameborder="0" allowfullscreen></iframe>

Real time generative visuals created in TouchDesigner for Sakwala Chakraya, an Sri Lankan punk band that translates roughly as 'Universe Portal'.

####Morals

**As Glowing Room Initiative with George Gleixner, 2013**
<iframe width="420" height="315" src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/D6vtasIuPdM" frameborder="0" allowfullscreen></iframe>

One of several performances with George Gleixner as a part of the Glowing Room Initiative, developed as a result of the ACCIAC Fellows in Creativity and Innovation Award granted by the Unergraduate Center of Excellence at the University of Virginia.

"Morals" composed by George Gleixner, Lighting & Visuals by Jonathan Thompson, Video editing by George Gleixner

##Android Applications

####Sustainable Fitness Monitoring App
<iframe width="560" height="315" src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/3OkBBg1nGoE" frameborder="0" allowfullscreen></iframe>
The Sustainable Fitness project at UVA was awarded funds to create an excercise bicycle that tracked electricity generated and rerouted that power back into the gym's power grid. My teammates built the bike while I created a monitoring app for an attached tablet, wrote the Arduino code for the hall effect sensor, and deployed an online database for application statistics. 

####Data Bounce 
<iframe width="420" height="315" src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/76TDU2kLLzU" frameborder="0" allowfullscreen></iframe>
Data Bounce is a data tunneling app that allows you to share a friend's internet connection over wifi direct when yours is down. Developed in 36 hours for MHacks 2013.

####Duncanville ISD
[Duncanville ISD on Google Play](https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=org.duncanvilleisd.dville2go)

As an intern at [WillowTree Apps](http://willowtreeapps.com/), I was the lead developer for the Android rich native wrapper created to allow students and parents of the Duncanville school system access to their school information.
